what is up guys Raymond here also knows
ray vision and check it out today well
we are going to be playing some forza
horizon 2 now right now what is going on
in the background is I am building a
beautiful beautiful f12 Ferrari that is
one of my favorite cars in the game and
it looks mighty mighty incredible so
basically all engine upgrades maximum
clutch brightwood auction visual stuff a
couple of adjustments and detuning so um
my thoughts on the f12 first of all if I
had one oh my gosh I would be dreaming
probably the f12 is one of my favorite
Ferraris right now apart from the
laferrari I'd have to go to you have 12
if you were to ask me to pick one of
them that maybe the 599 but I even then
i prefer the f12 so that is my opinion
on that I'm just want to start off by
saying i haven't uploaded many videos
this week and by many i mean this is the
first one and probably won't be
uploading anymore it's just for this
week guys I'm sorry it's I'm in the
middle midterms I have five exams this
week so I took the time to make this
quick video for you guys but I won't
really have the time to do anything else
rest assured nice week be expecting five
videos because well its spring break so
why not I have the time might as well
use it so that is that she wanted to get
that out of the way as we move along
just want to be sure to tell you guys if
there is a card you would like me to
make a drift build for any form of car
which was one whatsoever leave that in
the comments below I'll be sure to check
it out um if I don't get your card know
that I will probably get around to it
eventually because there is not
unlimited Carson Forza so well what is
happening um I saw the trailer for forza
horizon 2 you need for speed with sorry
not need for speed fast and furious
which by the way looks frickin awesome
um I am unsure about a couple details
that are happening with regards to that
so I don't really want to comment too
much on the situation so at the place of
being at the usual drift road I kind of
decided to go off on a little something
different it's in the bottom right
corner of the map you got this nice
little city and a nice little drift
wrote here what you do is uh Nick was
doing this the other day but he wasn't
taking this whole tire up
segment which I'm doing right now he was
only doing the lower segment of the
drift row when actually if you do this
whole entire upper part it's a little
less um concentrated drift turns but
it's a lot of fun you get to drive down
the coast do some streaky drifting try
not to crash hit a couple cars avoid the
drivatar all these good things like you
can tell right now this Ferrari is
really just first of all it sounds
incredible is probably one of the best
sounding cars in the game in my opinion
and it's having no she's putting power
down third gear I don't really need to
use fourth gear in my opinion you can
probably get 4th gear power down but it
won't allow you to do a burnout in a
straight line so you really have to be
drifting if you want to be going in
fourth gear if you want to get any lost
traction or else third gear gets loss of
traction pretty well but sometimes it
does struggle to get that power to spin
the wheels so that is that look at this
beautiful 180 coming up cheeky so um
with regards to the drift build that's
pretty much it um or else would have
been happening um nothing too big in the
news that I noticed um haven't had the
chance really to catch up in
roosterteeth videos or actually watch
anything else this week I did read my
weekly comic books which came out this
morning which I was really happy them
Aquaman and all that other stuff you
guys don't know me I'm a big fan of the
DC new 52 don't read all the series
actively but I am subscribed to seven or
eight of them and so that is basically
the main things happening or else this
is one thing I always like to talk about
the weather in Montreal for those of us
that don't live in cold hearted Canada
um we just had a frozen three weeks but
it was minus 20 almost every night they
resell seus not Fahrenheit and now
finally it's starting to lighten up or
get it we're starting to hit some minus
10 so it's it's getting warm stew
getting nice and toasty you know and
getting ready to go swimming once it
hits like minus five maybe I'll go for a
swim in the lake I'm just kidding I'm
not that thick skin i'll probably get
hypothermia if i try any of that which
is why i will not try any of it and
I will just attempt to drift the car and
you may notice I'm a little bit all over
the place when drifting the f12 and that
is simple um it's a lot different okay
here's the thing um death toll is a
really really good drift car in my
opinion but it is one of those drift
cars that takes a bit of getting used to
certain a lot of drift cars have
different drifting styles sons have
similar this is one of those cars that
once you get there drifting style down
it really goes about well and it looks
really great in the corners but if you
don't understand that drifting style or
you don't have a feel for it it takes a
while to get used to one until you do
it's a struggle to get it going around
the corners might just be my tune to
might just be that i'm a shitty tune
maker for drift cars in forza horizon 2
which you know is always a possibility
but i'd like to think that you know i'm
not the worst person in the world and i
am half decent in some regards so with
that oh you can hear that turbo though
so with that as usual guys I want to
thank you all for watching me
comfortable hope you all enjoyed and